# PPJ_TASK_11

I. Create a class Fruit private with fieldString and a class Granatz fieldmiloscPestek that inherits from it. Create a String display() method in both classes, which with the super keyword attached will return strings containing all the information contained in an object of this class. 

II. Create a Private Fruit class, a String name field, and Double Masa, and the classes Apple, Orange, and Pear that inherit from it. Constructors of all derived classes will determine the fruit (consistent with the name of the class) and draw a mixed fruit from the range of 100-250gr.

III. Create a classTree with fields Boolean EverGreen,int heightandStringsectionTree, and then implement field initializer constructors and String toString() methods that return information about the tree. Create aConifer class that inherits from theTree class and defines the fieldsintiloscIgielidouble lengthCones. Next, prepare a constructor that initializes all the fields and add a String toString() that returns information about the tree, along with the values ​​of the fields describing the coniferous tree. Create a classLeafTree, followed by the classTree, and defining the fieldint shapeLeaf, and with the methodString toString() that returns information about the tree. Create a tableFruitTree, as in the completed task to the class with a constructor and a functional method doString. Using the software from the exercise program, create a program that fills the arrayTree[] forest with trees such as pines, larches, oaks, aspens, and apricots. supporting the polymorphism mechanism display all information about all trees.
